Add LocalKeyVault configuration settings for the online key (#181)
vmware/repository-service-tuf-worker: docs/source/guide/Docker_README.md

* LocalKeyVault (local file system)
  - Requires variable ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH``
    - Define the directory where the data will be saved, example: `keyvault`
  - Optional variables:
    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_ONLINE_KEY_NAME``

>       - file name of the online key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - file name of the online key. Default: `online.key`
```
In case the user decides to rename the key to the default value and not use a specific one.

    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_ONLINE_KEY_PASSWORD``
      - password used to load the online key
    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_ONLINE_KEY_TYPE``

>       - cryptographic type of the online key, example: `ed25519`, `rsa`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - cryptographic type of the online key. Default: `ed25519` [Note: At the moment RSTUF Worker supports only `ed25519`
```
